Key points that I did not understand very well:

1) The definition "Make only the "addStarInterface" method visible for Framework users.
Framework will be used both in Simulator and Real Device, make it work accordingly"

Here, I got a bit confused. Exposing this method alone means that the demo app
would to implement the functions, which is not a SDK should do, in my opinion.
A SDK should provide easy-to-use methods that can perform complex tasks with
one liners.

So, I decided to expose a creator method (createInstance method) and
also methods "addBigStar", "addSmallStar" and "reset". These
will do the main job that the app can manage through button clicks,
so it was enough for me to expose these alone. Other states such as
saving the data, rotation changes etc... could've been handled internally,
which I've done like those as much as possible.

2) It was not clear if the buttons were supposed to be added inside the webview,
or below the webview as 3 different buttons.

Yes, it was defined as "Add 3 buttons to the bottom of the webview" but
I couldn't understand if I should add them with HTML and pass it onto webview,
or add them manually using a layout. So, I've chosen the option to add
it via a layout. It may not be right, but this is what I've understood. If it was
not supposed to be like this, then I am sorry.

3) A webview is usually used with visual representations. When I've read the statement
"When I click on the Small/Big Star, a new item should be added to the array of star objects.",
it get me a bit confused.

I did not really understand if I should show some stars on the webview, big ones or
small ones depending on the random attributes. It was mentioned that some "console"
logs were required, so I've added them and left it at that. I hope that was
the correct approach.


P.S: I don't really know the area of Javascript and I almost have no experience
with it, so the code blocks on Javascript side or Android WebView side
could be a mess or vulnerable. However, I am eager to learn how the security
works in these areas.

If the case study was also understandable to all others but me, then
it means I need to improve myself a lot more as well, and I will be keep
working on it.

Best regards,
Furkan Yurdakul